Add developer docs for sdkx-cocos2dx Android (#76)
helpshift/helpshift-docs: docs/sdkx-cocos2dx/sdk-configuration.mdx

Reviewer: The header indentation on this page is messed up. Ensure headings have proper h1, h2, h3 etc tags.

---
sidebar_position: 30
title: SDK Configuration
description: Helpshift provides several configuration options that you can use to customize the behavior of the SDK.
---

import {
  Admonition,
  Tabs,
  TabItem,
  Image,
  Intro,
} from "@site/src/components/forDocs";

# SDK Configuration

<Intro>

> Helpshift provides several config options which can be used to customize behaviour of the SDK. Use these options in conjunction with our [Helpshift APIs](/sdkx_android/support-tools/).

Reviewer 2: incorrect link to Helpshift APIs

</Intro>

<Admonition type="info" title="Note">

All the public APIs in the SDK should be called after initializing the SDK via [install API](/sdkx-cocos2dx/getting-started#initializing)

</Admonition>

## Common configurations {#common-config}

Common configurations apply to both iOS and Android platforms.

### Enable Logging {#enable-logging}

> Upon setting `enableLogging` to `true`, Helpshift SDK logs will be generated in the Visual Studio console. These logs can be useful for debugging the SDK during integration. Turning on logging can help developers resolve common integration issues. The verbosity of the logs will change depending on whether the app is compiled for Debug or Release mode. We log more information in debug mode than in release mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon setting `enableLogging` to `true`, Helpshift SDK logs will be generated in the Xcode/Android Studio console. These logs can be useful for debugging the SDK during integration. Turning on logging can help developers resolve common integration issues. The verbosity of the logs will change depending on whether the app is compiled for Debug or Release mode. We log more information in debug mode than in release mode.
```

<div className="compact ">

|               |                                                                                                                                  |
| ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Option        | <code>enableContactUs</code>                                                                                                     |
| Values        | <code>"ALWAYS"</code> / <code>"AFTER_VIEWING_FAQS"</code> / <code>"AFTER_MARKING_ANSWER_UNHELPFUL"</code> / <code>"NEVER"</code> |
| Default       | <code>null</code>                                                                                                                |
| Min SDK       | v10.2.0                                                                                                                          |

> | Supported by: | <code>ShowFAQs()</code>, <code>ShowFAQSection()</code>, <code>ShowSingleFAQ()</code>                                             |

Reviewer: API names are from Xamarin. Check for all configs.

<div className="compact ">

|         |                                                                                                                                        |
| ------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Flag    | screenOrientation                                                                                                                      |
| values  | integer values for orientation from [ActivityInfo](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/pm/ActivityInfo.html) class |
| default | ActivityInfo.SCREEN_ORIENTATION_UNSPECIFIED                                                                                            |

</div>

Example:

```java
import com.helpshift.HelpshiftCocosBridge;

public class MyActivity extends Cocos2dxActivity {

    @Override
    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);

        // Add screenOrientation config in install config map
        Map<String, Object> config = new HashMap<>();

>         config.put("screenOrientation", 0);

Reviewer 2: Since this is java code, we can use ActivityInfo class for orientation constants

        //...
        // Install call
        HelpshiftCocosBridge.install(
            this,
            "<App Id from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            "<Domain name from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            config);
    }
}
```

## Notification Icon {#notificationIcon}

By default the application icon is used as the notification icon. You can customize the notification icon using the `config` in the `install` call.

Example:

```java
import com.helpshift.HelpshiftCocosBridge;

public class MyActivity extends Cocos2dxActivity {

    @Override
    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);

        // Add notificationIcon config in install config map
        Map<String, Object> config = new HashMap<>();

>         config.put("notificationIcon", "<icon-image-file-name>");

Reviewer 2: check if we need name or the resource id of the icon file

        //...
        // Install call
        HelpshiftCocosBridge.install(
            this,
            "<App Id from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            "<Domain name from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            config);
    }
}
```

## Large Notification Icon {#largeNotificationIcon}

By default the application icon is used as the notification icon.
If you want to specify the large notification icon also to show up in the notification tray, you can specify that using the `config` in the `install` call.

Example:

```java
import com.helpshift.HelpshiftCocosBridge;

public class MyActivity extends Cocos2dxActivity {

    @Override
    public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState);

        // Add largeNotificationIcon config in install config map
        Map<String, Object> config = new HashMap<>();

>         config.put("largeNotificationIcon", "<large-icon-image-file-name>");

Reviewer 2: same

        config.put("notificationChannelId", "your channel name here");
        //...
        // Install call
        HelpshiftCocosBridge.install(
            this,
            "<App Id from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            "<Domain name from the Helpshift Dashboard>",
            config);
    }
}
```

## iOS Specific Configurations

### In-App Notificaton Appearance {#in-app-notification-appearance}

This config represents the appearance of the in-app notification in the SDK. When the agent/bot sends a message and the user is using the app, an in-app banner is shown and the appearance of that banner can be customized using this dictionary.

|               |                                                             |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| Option:       | <code>inAppNotificationAppearance</code>                    |
| Sub-Options:  | <code>bannerBackgroundColor</code> / <code>textColor</code> |
| Min SDK       | v10.2.0                                                     |
| Supported by: | <code>install</code>                                        |

Example:

> ```cpp

Reviewer: Formatting for this code snippet

The default value is false, which presents support views in `UIModalPresentationFormSheet`. When the value is set to `true`, support views are presented in `UIModalPresentationFullScreen`. Use this setting to show Helpshift in full-screen mode.

|              |                                                      |
| ------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| Option       | <code>presentFullScreenOniPad</code>                 |
| Values       | <code>true</code> / <code>false</code>               |
| Default      | <code>false</code>                                   |
| Min SDK      | v10.2.0                                              |
| Supported by | <code>showConversation</code>, <code>showFAQs</code> |

Example:

```cpp
ValueMap config;
config["presentFullScreenOniPad"] = true;
// other configs...
HelpshiftCocos2dx::showConversation(config);
```

## Theming the SDK {#theming}

Please check the [design](/sdkx-cocos2dx/design/) page to apply your styles and theming to SDK.

## Tracking {#tracking}

> <!---

Reviewer: Remove the comment
